doc: openthread: remove `overlay-cert.conf` (#8938)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_thread_certification.rst

#. Build the certification image.

>    The :ref:`ot_cli_sample` sample is used as a base, modified with the :file:`overlay-ci.conf` and :file:`overlay-multiprotocol.conf` overlay files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use the :ref:`ot_cli_sample` sample as a base, and apply the :file:`overlay-ci.conf` and :file:`overlay-multiprotocol.conf` overlay files.
```
Better to change this to imperative as well.

   Also set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LOG` to ``n`` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ASSERT` to ``n``.

   * If building on the command line, use the following command:

     .. code-block::

        cd ncs/nrf/samples/openthread/cli/
        west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840 -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-ci.conf;overlay-multiprotocol.conf" -DCONFIG_OPENTHREAD_LIBRARY=y -DCONFIG_LOG=n -DCONFIG_ASSERT=n

   * If building using Visual Studio Code, you must first `create the application <Creating an application_>`_ using the CLI sample, and then `build the application <Building an application_>`_.

>      Select the :file:`overlay-ci.conf` and :file:`overlay-multiprotocol.conf` overlay files in the :guilabel:`Kconfig fragment` drop-down menu and add the following lines to the **Additional CMake arguments** text field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Select the :file:`overlay-ci.conf` and :file:`overlay-multiprotocol.conf` overlay files in the :guilabel:`Kconfig fragment` drop-down menu and add the following lines to the **Additional CMake arguments** text field:
     
```
Note the added empty line between the text and the code block for consistency.

   a. Copy the provided :file:`ncs/modules/lib/openthread/tools/harness-thci/OpenThread.py` file into :file:`C:\\GRL\\Thread1.1\\Thread_Harness\\THCI\\nRF_Connect_SDK.py`.

>    b. Copy any image that you desire to :file:`C:\\GRL\\Thread1.1\\Web\\images\\nRF_Connect_SDK.jpg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   b. Copy an image of your choice to :file:`C:\\GRL\\Thread1.1\\Web\\images\\nRF_Connect_SDK.jpg`.
```
